Add "ingested" status to a testruns status (#29)
gardener/test-infra: docs/testrunner/testrunner_run-template.md

      --testruns-chart-path string         Path to the testruns chart.
      --timeout int                        Timout in seconds of the testrunner to wait for the complete testrun to finish. (default 3600)
      --tm-kubeconfig-path string          Path to the testmachinery cluster kubeconfig

>       --update-ingest                      Update the status of a ingested testrun. (default true)

Reviewer: Maybe this is more clear?

```suggestion
      --update-ingest                      Update the ingestion result (success/failure) of a testrun. (default true)
```

Author: see above
